docs(env): add .env parsing note and vite-env.d.ts augmentation (#15232)
vitejs/vite: docs/guide/env-and-mode.md

Only `VITE_SOME_KEY` will be exposed as `import.meta.env.VITE_SOME_KEY` to your client source code, but `DB_PASSWORD` will not.

```js
console.log(import.meta.env.VITE_SOME_KEY) // "123"
console.log(import.meta.env.DB_PASSWORD) // undefined
```

> :::tip Env parsing
> 
> As seen in example above `VITE_SOME_KEY` is a number.  
> But when parsed, Env properties are strings even if they are numbers or booleans in the Env file.  
> User has to convert them to desired types in the code.
> A recommandation is to wrap all the Env properties in quotes to make that explicit.
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::tip Env parsing

As shown above, `VITE_SOME_KEY` is a number but returns a string when parsed. The same would also happen for boolean env variables. Make sure to convert to the desired type when using it in your code.
:::
```

I think we can shorten this a bit, and keep it one line for consistency. I also removed the recommendation for now since I think reminding about about converting should be enough.

}
```

> :::warning Imports will break augumentation in `vite-env.d.ts`
> 
> If `ImportMetaEnv` augumentation does not work, make sure you do not have any `import` statements in `vite-env.d.ts`
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::warning Imports will break type augmentation

If the `ImportMetaEnv` augmentation does not work, make sure you do not have any `import` statements in `vite-env.d.ts`. See the [TypeScript documentation](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/2/modules.html#how-javascript-modules-are-defined) for more information.
:::
```
